# 4.1 Evaluation of Success Criteria



<table><thead><tr><th width="154">Ref. No.</th><th>Criterion</th><th>Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Application has Drop down box allowing the user to select Stock to analyse</td><td><ul><li>This is a necessary feature to allow the whole application to work</li></ul></td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#feature-1-search-box">SearchBox </a></td></tr></tbody></table>



This criterion has been successfully fulfilled. In order to provide users with access to a wide array of exchanges and stocks for which I had data, I chose to use 2 dropdown boxes, one to show exchanges and another to show stocks. This selection method not only proved to be efficient but also user friendly for showing these options.

<table><thead><tr><th width="154">Ref. No.</th><th>Criterion</th><th>Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2</td><td>Application has page allowing you to see basic information of the stock selected. Its History etc.</td><td>This page will allow the user to get some information on the stock before seeing the analysis</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#feature-2-viewing-historical-stock-data">Info Page</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion has been successfully completed. My target was to make all data I have access to  about the stocks accessible to users so they could make the most informed decisions possible. I accomplished this by presenting the data in the form of a table with columns and rows representing various parameters and key data points.

\


<table><thead><tr><th width="154">Ref. No.</th><th>Criterion</th><th>Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>3</td><td>My application has analysis page showing results of regression testing. Plus graphs of our forecast.</td><td>This is the result page</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#specific-feature-3-analysis-interface">Analysis Page</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion was partially completed. I wanted to display a graph showing the correlation of two different parameters. The correlation was represented by the letter "r^2" and this was explained t the left of the graph. This was all completed fine but showing a forecast not so much. I made a line of best fit displaying the overall trend for the user but in the analysis section there isn't any actual forecast of where the stock will be in the future. This is due to my underestimation of the difficulty of this task when creating my success criteria and i should have done a bit more research into just how hard this task is to complete.&#x20;



This criterion was succesfully completed. I displayed a graph showing the correlation of two different parameters. To the left of the graph all key performance indicators of regression test is shown   &#x20;

<table><thead><tr><th width="154">Ref. No.</th><th>Criterion</th><th>Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>4</td><td>My application shows the results of the linear regression Model. On whether I should or should not buy this stock.</td><td>This is the results page</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#specific-feature-3-analysis-interface">Analysis Page</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion i partially suceeded. My application does show the results of the linear regression calculation very clearly and quite well but does not say if the user should buy or not buy the stock. There is alot of data that we have allowed the user access to that gives clear indications of what smart actions would be in the moment but no where do we say what they should do definitivly. looking over this i think i wrote this success criteria wrong, I dont think a site that helps people invest using probability should tell a user definitivly what to do because there is no way to know what really will happen for sure. What would be good would be maybe a color coded bar one side red the other green and a pointer on how confident the website is that the stock will go up in value but this is not something i have implemented or will.

<table><thead><tr><th width="154">Ref. No.</th><th>Criterion</th><th>Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>5</td><td>Application has some way of doing an auto anaylsis to see which fields have most correlation to growth.</td><td>This is the AutoAnalysis Page.</td><td>Auto Analysis Page</td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion is completely succsful, in the auto analysis tab if you click "calculate" small writing will show up at the top left of the screen saying which parameter correlates the most to stock growth. e



<table><thead><tr><th width="94">Ref. No.</th><th width="218">Criterion</th><th width="299">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>I will need to create a  server with an API to allow my front end to work. Most of these API's will just simply give me back data from EODHistoricalData.com.</td><td>This will be required to make the system work.</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#feature-2-viewing-historical-stock-data">Info Page</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion was completely successful and was quite simple and quick to complete.

<table><thead><tr><th width="94">Ref. No.</th><th width="218">Criterion</th><th width="299">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2</td><td>API : Stock Info for Search box</td><td>I will need an API that I can call that will return data for my search box. The drop-down search box needs to be clever enough so that when the user types in 'AAPL' it can give the user options that contain AAPL. (Apple.</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#feature-1-search-box">SearchBox </a></td></tr></tbody></table>

The dropdown boxes are working perfectly and are displaying the data needed for the user to use my website effectively.

<table><thead><tr><th width="94">Ref. No.</th><th width="218">Criterion</th><th width="299">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>3</td><td>API : Detailed Stock Info</td><td>I will need to create an API that when given the stock ticker from the search above gathers together the required data for the Info Page and for any analysis required.</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#feature-2-viewing-historical-stock-data">Info Page</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

When stock is selected history and data of stock displays perfectly so this criterion is completely successful.

<table><thead><tr><th width="94">Ref. No.</th><th width="218">Criterion</th><th width="299">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>4</td><td>API : Analysis Info</td><td>I will need to create an API that when given the stock ticker from the search above gathers together the required analysis data that can then be used to populate the analysis page.</td><td><a href="../analysis/1.4a-features-of-the-proposed-solution.md#specific-feature-3-analysis-interface">Analysis Page</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

##

<table><thead><tr><th width="103">Ref. No.</th><th width="253">Criterion</th><th width="287">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>System will produce regression performance indicators that need to be calculated correctly.</td><td>We need these performance indicators to forecast.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion is 100% successful this can be seen in the analysis page, after clicking calculate all these regression values are to the left of the graph.

<table><thead><tr><th width="103">Ref. No.</th><th width="253">Criterion</th><th width="287">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2</td><td>linear regression Model output needs to be clear enough for a user to interpret whether to buy or sell stocks.</td><td>Lots of linear regression  models produce output that is not understandable by people who do not have needed knowledge. Our output needs to be simpler.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

I would say this criterion was partially succesful. I say this because yes my website does relay enough information to the user for them to make an informed decision on whether to buy or sell a stock but it never makes the decision for the user, it gives enough information for the users to make their own informed decisions without outright telling them what to do. looking back on it i think i shoudnt have written my success criteria like this, i dont think its a good idea to tell definitively a user what they should do with there money as one can never know for sure an indication would be fine but this would not be. If i look back at my usability testing i did get quite positive results for how well everyone understood the data so that is a positive as they would beable to make their own informed decisions.

<table><thead><tr><th width="103">Ref. No.</th><th width="253">Criterion</th><th width="287">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>3</td><td>System predictions must be more accurate than random chance over the last month of data.</td><td>This is the core requirement of the system.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>





<table><thead><tr><th width="76">Ref. No.</th><th width="137">Criterion</th><th width="399">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Compatibility</td><td>UI must be compatible with the major browsers used. Chrome:64.9% , Safari is 19.5% with Edge: 4.6%  </td><td><a href="https://gs.statcounter.com/">https://gs.statcounter.com/</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion is completely 100% succesful

<table><thead><tr><th width="76">Ref. No.</th><th width="137">Criterion</th><th width="399">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2</td><td>Reliability</td><td>User Interface needs to be reliable and consistently work. Our target market is based around Retail Investerors who may not by too IT Literate.</td><td>Stakeholder section.</td></tr></tbody></table>

If i look at my usability testing i got very positive results for all questions relating to this. Not one time did the website crash and all the components and data where very easy to understand so off this sample i would say this criterion was 100% successful.

<table><thead><tr><th width="76">Ref. No.</th><th width="137">Criterion</th><th width="399">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>3</td><td>Localisation</td><td>Front-end application needs to work in UK, EUROPE &#x26; the US. We will need to test things like number formats. We will not translate the front end into different languages.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion i partially failed as the system works in these 3 different locations one problem is regional settings to dow ith number formats dont work for instance if the webstite is used in france it doesnt auto change to commas from dots.

<table><thead><tr><th width="76">Ref. No.</th><th width="137">Criterion</th><th width="399">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>4</td><td>Legislation</td><td>Offering advice from a legal viewpoint is difficult. We will need to put in disclaimers. Ensuring the user does not use our forecast in his decision-making.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>



<table><thead><tr><th width="76">Ref. No.</th><th width="137">Criterion</th><th width="399">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>5</td><td>Performance</td><td>the frontend UI needs to be performant. Apparently, a good metric is to say that the User should not have to wait more than 2 seconds for any action. The only actions that may take longer than this are the calculation actions where we warn the user it might take a long time to run.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion has been successful. I tested this by doing usability testing on 10 different users and they had rated the user interface all across the website very highly. They found 0 bugs to reports, no crashes and they said all the componenents where either a 4/5 or a 5/5 in speed. Doing my own testing i found nothing took longer then 2 seconds to load up even the auto analysis section so i t hink this criterion has been extremely succesful.

<table><thead><tr><th width="76">Ref. No.</th><th width="137">Criterion</th><th width="399">Justification</th><th>Reference</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>6</td><td>Scalabilty</td><td>I will setup the system to work with a minimum of 2 users at any time. These are called concurrent users.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

This criterion has been successful the goal was to allow 2 users to use the website at the same time and ive tested it with 4 users at the same time and it works perfectly.

## Broad Category 1

### Criteria

| Criterion | Description             | When was it achieved |
| --------- | ----------------------- | -------------------- |
| 1         | Description of critiera | Which cycle?         |

### Criterion 1

Evidence for success/failure

Description of success/failure
