---
description: >-
  This section evaluates each of the usability features with discussion on
  whether they are effective
---

# 4.2 Evaluation of Usability Features

## Effective

<table><thead><tr><th width="86.33333333333331">F.No.</th><th width="120">Component</th><th width="436">Description</th><th>Success/Fail</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Header</td><td>Exchange &#x26; Stock Autocomplete Fields</td><td>Success</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Info</td><td>Information Page</td><td>Success</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>History</td><td>Stock History</td><td>Success</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Analysis</td><td>Linear Regression Results &#x26; Chart</td><td>Partial Success</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Auto Analysis</td><td>Auto Analysis Functionality</td><td>Success</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Feature 1: Exchange & Stock Autocomplete Fields

Initial Criteria: The component should allow the user to search for stocks they want to analyze across the 60 stock market exchanges that EOD supports.

The two autocomplete dropdown boxes on the Header component work effectively to allow a user to drill down and search for a specific stock they want to analyse. Part of this was the provision of filtering to remove all the non-stock indexes and bonds that were held in the EOD data.

### Feature 2 : Information Page

Initial Criteria: The user should be able to see enough information about a selected stock to make sure it's the stock they were looking for and some other basic information about it.

I think this feature works well, I found that EOD holds quite a lot of 'Fundamental' information on a stock, So I built the page around the Description, size and sector information held by EOD.

### Feature 3: Stock History Page

Initial Criteria: The component will display to users the base data that they can use to analyze the stock in a table to allow them to scroll through the data and also check to ensure the data used in the analysis component is correct.

This feature worked well showing all the key pieces of data that you can then choose to analyse on in the Analysis features. This allows the user to check the historical data for the stock.&#x20;

### Feature 4: Linear Regression Results & Chart

Initial Criteria: The aim of the analysis component is to allow the user to manually look at the data I have downloaded and see if they can find patterns using linear regression. The scatter diagram plus the regression line should then be enough for them to be able to work out how well the 2 axis correlate

This feature worked well showing all the key pieces of data that you can then choose to analyse on in the Analysis features. This allows the user to check the historical data for the stock.&#x20;

### Feature 5: Auto Analysis Function

Initial Criteria: The aim of this component is to allow the user to easily find correlations between the data by running all the tests I can think of in an automated manner. When the system finds the best correlation the user can then run it in the Analysis section to see the detail.

This function does a good job of fixing the issue with my analysis function. It stops the user from having to run multiple regressions looking for the correlation but doing them all automatically. I think this really does implement the aim of the criteria.



## Efficient

<table><thead><tr><th width="99.33333333333331">F.No.</th><th width="151">Component</th><th width="354">Description</th><th>Success/Fail</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Header</td><td>Exchange &#x26; Stock Autocomplete Fields</td><td>Partial Success</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Auto Analysis</td><td>Auto Analysis Functionality</td><td>Success</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Feature 1 - Exchange & Stock Autocomplete Fields

Initial Criteria: The main criteria around efficiency was to ensure that the user does not wait for more than 2 seconds for any part of the system to display.

Largely for feature 1 this works, there are a few exchanges, for instance USA where the stock autocomplete fields take roughly 2 seconds to load, but the user is still able to use the system whilst this happens.

### Feature 5 - Auto Analysis Functionality

Initial Criteria: The main criteria around efficiency was to ensure that the user does not wait for more than 2 seconds for any part of the system to display.

Success, even when running autoanlysis feature on stocks with 20 years of historical data the 12 regression runs still take less than my 2 second limit on my laptop. This might fail on a less powerful PC. For instance a Chromebook or such, but on a normal PC it works well.



## Fault Tolerant

<table><thead><tr><th width="86.33333333333331">F.No.</th><th width="120">Component</th><th width="436">Description</th><th>Success/Fail</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Header</td><td>Exchange &#x26; Stock Autocomplete Fields</td><td>Success</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Info</td><td>Information Page</td><td>Success</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>History</td><td>Stock History</td><td>Success</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Analysis</td><td>Linear Regression Results &#x26; Chart</td><td>Partial Success</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Auto Analysis</td><td>Auto Analysis Functionality</td><td>Success</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Feature 1

Detailed evaluation against criteria 1

## Easy to Navigate & Understand

| Feature No. | Description         | Success/Fail   |
| ----------- | ------------------- | -------------- |
| 1           | Feature description | as appropriate |

### Feature 1

Detailed evaluation against criteria 1

## Easy To Learn

| Feature No. | Description         | Success/Fail   |
| ----------- | ------------------- | -------------- |
| 1           | Feature description | as appropriate |

### Feature 1

Detailed evaluation against criteria 1
