# 4.3 Maintenance and Future Development

## Current Limitations of the Project

* **Analysis Methods**

One of the things I had wanted to do at the beginning of the project was implement multiple analysis methods. This would be relatively easy to do as the analysis library I chose implemented a number:

Polynomial Regression: Fitting a curve through the data.

Multivariate Regression: Making the linear regression from multiple parameters not just the one.

Random Forest Regression: Basically AI&#x20;

Other Machine Learning Methods.

Unfortunately I just simply ran out of time, using these methods would have required me to create a lot more User Interface components. This would have made the results much more interesting and would have made finding correlations for a stock easier.

* **Finding Correlations**

Currently, the user of the system has to select a stock and then investigate to find correlations himself. This is time-consuming for the user and open to them giving up in exasperation. The Auto-Analysis feature was built to try to help with this issue, but it still doesn't go far enough as the User still has to select the stock they want to analyze.

* **Data Provider**

The data provider, EOD , that I decided to use turned out to not be so good. Whilst they had information on 60 exchanges with 1000's of stocks on those exchanges,  some of the more useful data was only provided for a few exchanges or even just a few stocks.

[Insider Dealing ](https://mobitech-sheffield.co.uk/): Only provided for US stock markets, provided inconsistently for London stock markets and not at all for most others.

[Sentiment and News Story feeds:](https://mobitech-sheffield.co.uk/)  Mostly on US stocks, and very inconsistently for other markets.

I felt that they hid this from me until I had actually subscribed to their data service.

* **UI Could be more explainable**

One of the things that came up in the usability testing was that the 'user community' did not really understand the outputs of the Linear Regression analysis to allow them to make decisions on it. I could have done a better job at explaining this on the website than I did.

* No Login/Authentication

The system has no ability to log a user in and doesn't allow users to save progress or even favorite stocks or exchanges or anything. This makes it harder to use.

## Maintenance

The system when running as intended requires a number of things to happen for it to continue to operate and there are also a number of things to continue to happen to keep it secure.

**Operations**

**Server component**&#x20;

This needs to be hosted. It uses node so its easy to host any website provider or Amazon Web Services can do it. If you host using AWS Lightsail instance it would cost about $4 per month. This server environment will need to be updated at least monthly to keep it secure.

aws.amazon.com/free/compute/lightsail

We will also need to update the server component software and deliver to the live environment once a month this will limit the vulnerabilities inherent in all Open Source solutions. This is as simple though as running 'NPM Update' in the backend source directory

**FrontEnd Component**

We would also have to update the FrontEnd Javascript once every 3 months or so, Front end is made up of lots of Open Source components, and security issues will be found and fixed in these components probably weekly. We would need to update the site to remove those vulnerabilities. This is less important than fixing the security issues with the server component but still needs to be done.

**Data Subscription**

As part of maintenance, we would also need to keep the data subscription up to date with EOD costing £20 per month. If this lapses the ability to search for Exchanges and Stocks would immediately fail.





## Future Development

I've included a table below with the things I would like to do and my priority:

### Short Term Bug Fixes

The good news is because the functionality is quite fixed, I'm fairly confident there are not too many bugs I've not found. The two items below are the ones I know about.

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="152">Priority</th><th>Defect</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>High</td><td>Stock selection box can sometime take a long time to start filtering. This only happens in the big exchanges like USA. (Could be quite difficult to fix)</td></tr><tr><td>Medium</td><td>Improve the messaging around analysis results to make them more understanable.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Long Term Addressing Limitations

I think the below items would really help improve the application and make the results even more usable.

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="118">Priority</th><th width="737">Feature</th><th>Shirt Size</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>High</td><td>Find a better data provider. One of my main problems finding a correlation is the poor data around Insider stock trading and sensitivity almost makes those parameters useless.</td><td>Large</td></tr><tr><td>High</td><td>Build a new component that automatically looks for correlations across all the Stock symbols in an Exchange. This would basically do the current AutoAnalysis functionality but on all stocks within an Exchange and then list out the most 'correlated' answers.  This would address a number of issues with the current system mentioned in 'Finding Correlations' section</td><td>Large</td></tr><tr><td>Medium</td><td>Implementing some of the other methods of Analysis. I would initially attempt the 'Polynomial and Multivarate Regessions'</td><td>Medium</td></tr><tr><td>Medium</td><td>Tutorial. To address the issues around Understandability building an online tutorial and then linking it to the application would be great. Not complex to do, and could help people understand how to use the system and how to interpret the results.</td><td>Small</td></tr><tr><td>Medium</td><td>Login and Authentication and storage of Favourites. </td><td>Large</td></tr></tbody></table>
