---
description: Testing the Predictor for Function and Robustness.
---

# 3.1 Testing for Function and Robustness

## Criteria To Assess

As part of my testing process, I will do the following:

1. Test solution against the Success Criteria.
2. Test the prior tested development tests. To ensure the fixes still work.
3. Then I will do ad hoc testing of each of the Components.

### **Success Criteria - User Interface**

<table><thead><tr><th width="61">Ref. No.</th><th width="260">Criterion</th><th width="212">Justification</th><th>Test</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Application has Drop down box allowing the user to select Stock to analyse</td><td>This is a necessary feature to allow the whole application to work</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Application has page allowing you to see basic information of the stock selected. Its History etc.</td><td>This page will allow the user to get some information on the stock before seeing the analysis</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>My application has analysis page showing results of regression testing. Plus graphs of our forecast.</td><td>This is the result page</td><td><strong>Pass</strong></td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>My application shows the results of the linear regression Model. On whether I should or should not buy this stock.</td><td>This is the results page</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Application has some way of doing an auto anaylsis to see which fields have most correlation to growth.</td><td>This is the AutoAnalysis Page.</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### API

### PI

<table><thead><tr><th width="68">Ref. No.</th><th width="218">Criterion</th><th width="261">Justification</th><th>Test</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>I will need to create a  server with an API to allow my front end to work. Most of these API's will just simply give me back data from EODHistoricalData.com.</td><td>This will be required to make the system work.</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>API : Stock Info for Search box</td><td>I will need an API that I can call that will return data for my search box. The drop-down search box needs to be clever enough so that when the user types in 'AAPL' it can give the user options that contain AAPL. (Apple.</td><td><p>Pass with Changes</p><p></p><p>This was implemented differently. There are two dropdowns, one to specify the exchange then one to specify stock. This was due, to the number of stocks.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>API : Detailed Stock Info</td><td>I will need to create an API that when given the stock ticker from the search above gathers together the required data for the Info Page and for any analysis required.</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>API : Analysis Info</td><td>I will need to create an API that when given the stock ticker from the search above gathers together the required analysis data that can then be used to populate the analysis page.</td><td>Pass.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>



### Analysis Results



<table><thead><tr><th width="103">Ref. No.</th><th width="253">Criterion</th><th width="243">Justification</th><th>Test</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>System will produce regression performance indicators that need to be calculated correctly.</td><td>We need these performance indicators to forecast.</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>linear regression Model output needs to be clear enough for a user to interpret whether to buy or sell stocks.</td><td>Lots of linear regression  models produce output that is not understandable by people who do not have needed knowledge. Our output needs to be simpler.</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>System predictions must be more accurate than random chance over the last month of data.</td><td>This is the core requirement of the system.</td><td><p>Fail/Pass. </p><p></p><p>This is very dependent on stock chosen for analysis</p></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

```
                                                                 |
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
```

###

### Analysis Results





| Criterion | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| X         | descripton  |

### Criterion X

Show testing
