# 3.3 Checking Development Tests

A complete set of tests should be run to assess the final solution.

They could be plucked from the tests in your dev cycles, or be new tests that run the system as a whole.

## Tests

<table><thead><tr><th>Component</th><th width="208">How to reproduce bug</th><th>What I expect</th><th>Status</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Header</td><td>Go to the search stocks or exchanges dropdown box and try type a stock in. 5 second delay from when you can click on your stock and when you type the name of that stock.</td><td>For the delay to be 1 or less seconds</td><td>Fail</td></tr><tr><td>Header</td><td>Click get info after choosing and exchange and stock, read the information section and the exchange box is empty</td><td>The exchange box to say the exchange you can find the stock at.</td><td>Fail</td></tr><tr><td>Table</td><td>After clicking get info in the history section the sentiment section is broken. Sentiment is supposed to be between -1 and 1 but there are data points like 20 and -449</td><td>For all values for sentiment to be -1 to 1.</td><td>Fail</td></tr><tr><td>Header</td><td>Look at top of screen. Black box that says "stock predictor" doesn't fit the screen its a bit to small.</td><td>Be long enough to fit whole screen</td><td>Fail</td></tr><tr><td>Graph</td><td>Look to left of graph in analysis section. Definition of Chi^2 is "the goodness of fit" definition of goodness does not fit at all with what I'm trying to say</td><td>make the definition make sense</td><td>Fail</td></tr><tr><td>Graph</td><td>Apple stock, analysis section x select being "volume" y being "closing price" timing "day". The line of best fit does not fit the graph at all.</td><td>Line of best fit should fit graph</td><td>Fail.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Evidence
