---
description: >-
  The Stakeholder section describe the people who would be interested in this
  service. Not just the users, but other people as well who would be a
  stakeholder in the success of the idea.
---

# 1.2 Stakeholders

The stakeholders for my service would include:

1. Investors: These would be people who invest in stocks actively. Finder.com is a website that focuses on different financial services ran a survey in 2023 finding that around 18% of people in the UK have part of their money invested in stocks. 18% of the UKs adult population estimates to around 8 million people and all of these people would be viewed as potential stakeholders.
2. Regulators: Government agencies may be interested in overseeing this service to make sure the actions executed are in the bounds of the law.
3. Competitors: Other companies that provide similar services may be interested in the success of the system.
4. Data providers: The linear regression system will rely on data sourced from external sources, these would be things like news outlets or stock exchanges.

### Customer Role

What is universal for all stakeholders is this idea should help them all in some sort of way like:

1. Improved decision making: Investors should now be able to make better decisions about when to buy or sell due to the increase in information they now have access to, this would hopefully lead to an increase on return on investment.
2. Risk management: Predictions made by linear regression analysis can help investors find risks and opportunities in the market, which could help them better manage how much risk they are exposing themselves to giving the investor more informed control over their investments.
3. Increased market efficiency: Accurate stock market predictions can contribute to overall market efficiency, as investors make more informed decisions, this will reduce discrepancies in the market.
4. Cost savings: By helping to automate the research and analysis process, linear regression driven stock market prediction tools can save time and reduce costs for both individual investors and platforms.

It’s important for me to keep in my mind that predicting the stock market is very complex, there's a lot of different moving parts which can be completely unpredictable which ensures that no system can guarantee consistent perfect or even great predictions. What my model can guarantee though is valuable insights that can support a stakeholders decision making. In the user interface I must clearly explain this risk to the user.

## Demographics

The people who might be interested in our application will be those who invest in Stocks and shares. In the UK one of the first ways of doing this is through a "Stocks and Shares" ISA as it gives a bunch of tax advantages. The government provides these statistics every year at [https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/annual-savings-statistics-2022](https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/annual-savings-statistics-2022)

This year it showed that in 2022 over 2.1m people in the UK had a stocks and shares ISA and that all those investments added up to some £33 billion pounds!

It also showed that the gender split was 57% male to 43% women and that the age distribution is:

| Age Range   | Number (K) | Percentage |
| ----------- | ---------- | ---------: |
| Under 25    | 112        |         5% |
| 25-34       | 273        |        13% |
| 35-44       | 303        |        14% |
| 45-54       | 468        |        21% |
| 55-64       | 498        |        23% |
| 65 and over | 526        |        24% |



