# 1.3 Research

## Competitors - Other websites that do this sort of thing

There are many websites that allow users to look at Stock Market information and do analysis on it. Many of the big ones are the platform ones where their clients buy and sell stocks, Hargreaves Landsowne, YouInvest (AJ Bell), Barclays etc. I don't really have access to those so I've looked at some of the more publicly accessible ones below. &#x20;

I could find lots of information about the history of stock movements. I didn't find many websites that did future predictions. At this stage I'm not sure if thats because they don't exist or I've just not found them.

### www.fool.co.uk

This is a website with a number of journalists that talk about stock trading, why company's share prices should go up or down. It has lots of key data about stocks and shares in the UK. This website is a lot more informative for beginners then others with whole sections teaching people how to start investing and trying to guide new investors in the right direction.&#x20;

**Historical info on:**

* Share Price Quotes
* Volume
* Dividends
* New-feeds
* Discussion groups in east stock.

### uk.finance.yahoo.com

Seems very similar to the fool website with even more data!

* Share Price Quotes
* Volume
* Dividends
* Financials
* The analysis section shows Analysts' predictions on whether the stock will go up or down. Not sure who those analysts are though.
* Lots of statistics.

### lse.co.uk

The actual London stock exchange website is run by the company that runs the London stock exchange. It shows lots of data on the stocks in the London stock exchange.&#x20;

* Share Price Quotes
* Volume
* Dividends
* Financials

.





### markets.ft.com

This website is again very similar to yahoo finance&#x20;





### **Market Data**&#x20;



### **Market Data**&#x20;

My main problems with this project and how to possibly solve them:

1. Acquiring needed skills and knowledge: I lack the required knowledge in finance, artificial intelligence, and creation of a user interface at this moment to do this project successfully. I am going to need to dedicate a lot of time to learning relevant information and analyzing existing research and models.
2. Access to quality data:  Obtaining historical data of for example past stock prices aren't always public stopping me from using them. I will have to limit myself to investigating open-source  data sources.
3. Finding and being accurate with reasons of changes in market: Numerous factors influence financial markets, resulting in constantly changing and messy data. The newsfeeds I will use won't always contain the reasons for a change in stock price. This problem doesn't really have a practical fix but isn't so much a problem. The AI should still be able to predict better then an average human and can be used as a guide. So my AI wont be perfect but it will be helpful.
4. Accounting for unforeseeable market events: Financial markets can be impacted by unexpected events like natural disasters or extreme political changes that are borderline impossible for AI models to predict.  I need to also use external data sources for example or social media posts explaining these changes and use models capable of handling uncertainty, such as Bayesian models or reinforcement learning.
5. Ethical considerations:  Using AI models to predict stock market trends can raise ethical concerns, like market manipulation or insider trading.  I need to be mindful of these issues and adhere to ethical guidelines and legal regulations when researching and applying AI models in finance.

By combining the enhancement of technical expertise, refining the AI model, utilizing suitable data sources, and maintaining an ethical approach, these challenges can be addressed. Collaborating with experienced professionals and committing to ongoing learning will also contribute to the model's performance and reliability.

### Technical Research

Angular and Javascript/Typescript

Angular comes with a framework that makes building we apps simpler.



#### Components We will need :(For angular)

My solution will need components to make up the user interface, they will be compatile with Angular. These components will be:

1. Graphing component: This will be used to show line graphs of stock history against other parameter for example seasons, what day of the week it is etc.
2. Text component: to have the ability to display text on the user interface
3. Grid component: To show the downloaded stock market data which i would perform regression analysis on to find correlation between different variables.
4. Dropdown box component: this will be used to allow users to select stock they want to perform analysis on

Investigate material design and see what it can provide, Do this in next week or so: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5E2AVpwsko](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5E2AVpwsko)

API's to get the Stock market Data.



### Numerical Analysis Research

##

## Existing Solution 1 (of 3 or 4)

Images are nice here...

### Overview

Some description of this existing solution

### Aspect 1 (of 2-4 aspects per solution?)

A more detailed description of some aspect of this solution

### Features

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Features I will Include" %}
| Feature             | Justification                               |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| Feature description | Some reason it's a good fit in this project |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Features I won" %}
| Feature             | Justification                                              |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| Feature description | Reason it's beyond the scope/not suitable for this project |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
