# 1.4a Features of Proposed Solution

### **Market Data**&#x20;

My main problems with this project and how to possibly solve them:

1. Acquiring needed skills and knowledge: I lack the required knowledge in finance, artificial intelligence, and creation of a user interface at this moment to do this project successfully. I am going to need to dedicate a lot of xtime to learning relevant information and analyzing existing research and models. Specifically i will use website like yahoofinance.com to obtain large datasets of past financial data. With this data i will take the stock price and perform regression analysis to compare the stock price to other variables, for example days of the week or volume traded. I can feed this information into my AI so it can predict off these facts.
2. Access to quality data:  Obtaining historical data of for example past stock prices aren't always public stopping me from using them. I will have to limit myself to investigating open-source  data sources. Although this isnt perfect its fine, there are plenty of websites with more then enough data for me to use.
3. Finding and being accurate with reasons of changes in market: Numerous factors influence financial markets, resulting in constantly changing and messy data. The newsfeeds I will use won't always contain the reasons for a change in stock price. This problem doesn't really have a practical fix but isn't so much a problem. The AI should still be able to predict better then an average human and can be used as a guide. So my AI wont be perfect but it will be helpful which will be made clear.
4. Accounting for unforeseeable market events: Financial markets can be impacted by unexpected events like natural disasters or extreme political changes that are borderline impossible for AI models to predict.  I need to also use external data sources for example  social media posts explaining these changes and use models capable of handling uncertainty, such as Bayesian models or reinforcement learning. This will be the most difficult bit but i will try my best to make the AI as best fit as possible.
5. Ethical considerations:  Using AI models to predict stock market trends will bring up ethical concerns, like market manipulation or insider trading.  I need to be mindful of these issues and adhere to ethical guidelines and legal regulations when researching and applying AI models in finance. although this should not be an issue its good to be completely aware of the rules around the project you are trying to do.

By combining the use of technical skills, refining the AI model, utilizing suitable data sources and maintaining an ethical approach these challenges can be addressed. Trying to get info or feedback from professionals/highly skilled people could also be helpful, this can be done by watching certain youtube videos of people doing the same idea as me or trying to contact a specific person who could possibly be interested in helping for some reason.

### Technical Research

Angular and Javascript/Typescript

Angular comes with a framework that makes building we apps simpler.



#### Components I will need :(For angular)

My solution will need components to make up the user interface, they will be compatible with Angular. These components will be:

1. Graphing component: This will be used to show line graphs of stock history against other parameter for example seasons, what day of the week it is etc.
2. Text component: to have the ability to display text on the user interface
3. Grid component: To show the downloaded stock market data which i would perform regression analysis on to find correlation between different variables.
4. Dropdown box component: this will be used to allow users to select stock they want to perform analysis on

Investigate material design and see what it can provide, Do this in next week or so: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5E2AVpwsko](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5E2AVpwsko)

API's to get the Stock market Data.

##

##

##

##

##

##

##

##

##

## Broad Category 1

### Specific Feature 1

Description of some specific feature you wish to build

## Limitations

### Limitation 1

Description of a limitation, due to scope/time constraints or difficulty of implementation.
