---
description: >-
  As well as the templated classes created by angular for the FrontEnd I will
  need to create a few classes to create the solution.
---

# 2.1.3 Classes Required

Here's a list of classes I expect will be in the solution

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="240.33333333333337">Class Name</th><th width="662">Purpose</th><th>Where</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>StockHistory</td><td>A class to hold the data for one day of the StockHistory. So will have fields like Date, ClosingPrice, Volume in it. </td><td>FrontEnd </td></tr><tr><td>EODAPIService</td><td>This class will contain the code to interact with the EOD online service. I want to be able is that I will be able to use this from both the FrontEnd (making development easier) and the BackEnd. This class will also hold all the information read from EOD that will be used in the rest of the application.</td><td>BackEnd</td></tr><tr><td>AnalysisCalc</td><td>This class will 'wrap' the Statistics package that we use and will have the functions that setup and then call the actual regression functions. I am not sure what those will be yet.</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>AnalysisComponent</td><td>Frontend component class created by angular to handle the Analysis Component FrontEnd.</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>AutoAnalysisComponent</td><td>FrontEnd component class created by angular to handle the AutoAnalysis Component FrontEnd.</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>HeaderComponent</td><td>FrontEnd component class created by angular to handle the Header component.</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>FooterComponent</td><td>Frontend component class created by angular to handle the Footer Component</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>AnalysisComponent</td><td>Frontend component class created by angular to handle the Analysis Component</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>InfoComponent</td><td>Frontend component class created by angular to handle the Info Component</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr><tr><td>HistoryComponent</td><td>Frontend component class created by angular to handle the History Component</td><td>FrontEnd</td></tr></tbody></table>

