# 2.2.10 Cycle 10 - Adding Auto-analysis Feature

## Design

In this next cycle of my project, I'm introducing a new addition: the "Auto-Analysis" feature. This feature is designed to make it incredibly easy for users to discover which parameters have the most significant correlation with stock market growth.

Here's how it works:

1. **Correlation Calculation**: The Auto-Analysis feature goes through all the available parameters and calculates how each one is correlated with stock market growth. In simpler terms, it checks to see how closely each parameter moves in sync with the stock market's ups and downs.
2. **Ordering Parameters**: Once all the correlations are calculated, the feature organizes these parameters in a specific order. It places the parameter with the strongest correlation right at the top of the list. In other words, it's like arranging a group of friends by height, but here we're arranging parameters by how well they predict stock market growth.
3. **User-Friendly Display**: To make this information accessible and clear, ive dedicated a separate tab on my website for this Auto-Analysis feature. When users click on this tab, they'll see a table. In this table, the parameter with the highest correlation  is at the very top. The table then lists other parameters in order of their correlation strength.

### Objectives

*
* [ ] kk
* [ ] k
* [ ] k
* [ ] k

####



## Outcomes



## Testing



### Tests

<table><thead><tr><th width="85">Tests</th><th>Instructions</th><th>What I expect</th><th>What actually happens</th><th>Pass/Fail</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Using chrome test  each API endpoint  with valid parameters. US for the echange and AAPL.US</td><td>We should be able to see the results that will be went to the calling application.</td><td>Worked</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Using chrome test each API endpoint with invalid parameters. use 'bbbb.US' as stock code when required.</td><td>API should return 404 error.</td><td>Worked, except for the Exchange-List API that always just returns the exchange list. So good</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Check that .ENV file does not end up in Git</td><td>check that the API Key does not end up in GIT.</td><td>Worked</td><td>Pass</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Evidence

