# 2.2.3 Cycle 3: Retrieving the Analysis Data

## Design

In the last cycle we used EOD to retrieve stock and exchange information for the Front-end. In this Cycle I want to get together the data I need to do the linear regression analysis.

This will involve the following EOD API's.

* End of Day API. Allowing me to get Volume, End of Day Price&#x20;
* Insider Transactions API. Giving us purchases and sales of the officers in the stock.
* Fundamental Data API to get Earning History.
* Sentiment Data (Financial News) API.&#x20;

The aim will be to produce a daily list containing the following fields:

* Date
* Season
* EOD Price
* Volume
* NewStories
* Sentiment
* Insider Sales (Just the number)
* Insider Purchases&#x20;

As with Cycle 2 I will do the API work in the frontend. This will then need to be converted to work in the BackEnd when we have that up and running.

### Objectives

* [x] Implement the 4 required API's
* [x] Bring data into one array.
* [x] Show output on the History Screen.

##

##

##

## Testing



### Tests

<table><thead><tr><th width="85">Tests</th><th>Instructions</th><th>What I expect</th><th>What actually happens</th><th>Pass/Fail</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Call Exchange API from Chrome</td><td>Use exchange list API from chrome</td><td>Retrieve a list of Exchanges that EOD supprt</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td> Type 'US' into exchange list auto complete box</td><td>I expect to see a drop down containing exchanges with US in description</td><td> We saw 7 exchanges in the autocomple box. All contained US</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Once London exchange selected. Type 'LLoyds' into stock selection box</td><td>I expect to see the stock tickers containing LLoyds in there name.</td><td>Front end shows 3 entries all with LLoyds in there title.</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Evidence





